---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/korin-draal/"}
---

**Korin Draal** was forged for war, not philosophy. Born in the border slums outside Oasis, he was conscripted to serve with the Sanctifiers as a youth, chosen for the _Bulwark_ cadre—towering enforcers trained to be both shield and halberd for the order’s psychic elite. Where others were taught scripture, Korin was taught impact angles, choke points, and the art of standing his ground until the ground itself gave way.

His rise was not born of loyalty, but of stubborn survival. Korin was assigned to an elite unit and dispatched to [[Ya’a Thalor\|Ya’a Thalor]] after it fell with the mission to recover any remaining texts and artifacts. He blindly agreed. A Bulwark’s loyalty was not to truth, but to containment.

When zombies breached the church, Korin and his team met them head-on in the crypt intersection. Unfortunately, Duven Malch, a Veilshifter, was blindsided by zombies and was near death when Tharc Lorn, a Hollowborn, cast a spell to hold back the small pack of zombies, assisted by Maelrik Torne, a Dominator. However, Maelrik was forced to abandon the rescue of Malch when an unexpected party consisting of [[05_Player Characters/Kovinar Relkth\|a paladin]], [[05_Player Characters/Verspertina Galanodel\|sorceress]], [[05_Player Characters/Lurtza (Squeaks)\|half-orc]], [[05_Player Characters/Renzo Morokami\|druid]], and [[Varian\|knight]] targeted Veyra Calth, a Bladedancer. Calth was hit hard by a spell from the sorceress but was immediately healed by Seroh Vann, a Penitent.  Korin fought valiantly. For this reason, he was targeted by the intruders and was the first of the unit to fall. After his death, he was resurrected as undead by [[05_Player Characters/Verspertina Galanodel\|the sorceress]] through necromancy and temporarily remains under her control.